[Music]
a wet
mystery mother and father living in the
north of canada went
shopping leaving their teenage son home
he said he wanted to mount his new tv
on the wall they were halfway to the
mall when mother remembered she'd left
the iron plugged in
they returned and found the house
freezing cold
mother turned on central heating again
and they left for good
when they came back after a while there
was water dripping from the ceiling on
the first floor
and on the second their son was lying
unconscious in a pool of water on the
floor
and the tv was hanging on the wall as
skew
can you guess what happened
[Music]
the young man hauled a big chunk of ice
upstairs to stand on it
while he mounted the tv he turned off
the heat for the ice to stay frozen but
when his mom turned it on again
the chunk melted and the boy slipped and
fell
[Music]
a code number a detective who had been
mere
days away from cracking an international
criminal gang
has suddenly gone missing but he was
smart enough to try and help the
investigators
in their search by leaving one clue more
specifically
a special code 710
the police have three prime suspects
john
bill and adam can you break the
detective's code
and help the police arrest the right
criminal
the numbers in the detective's code
represent letters
if you read the message upside down
you'll notice that it says
bill is boss he sells oil
so bill's your guy cuff and boys
a lousy alibi a man had been strolling
through the park when someone
suddenly hit him on the back of the head
witnesses say the culprit had brown hair
blue eyes and was wearing a baggy suit
the main suspect is sean baker who
matches the description perfectly
the police interrogate sean who gives
his account of what happened
i was just hanging out in the park and i
saw this man walking along the pathway
then some other guy suddenly sprang out
of the shrubs right in front of him and
hit him i ran home as fast as i could
the police asked him to give a
description of the attacker
he answers he had a red mustache red
hair and a baggy suit on
however one of the investigators says
shawn is lying
how does he know
sean claims that the attacker came up in
front of the man
but that's complete nonsense the man had
been hit on the back of his head
strange noises amy and carl were lying
in bed at night when they heard weird
noises from their daughter stacy's
bedroom
amy went to see and carefully opened the
door
but saw her teenage daughter fast asleep
and the noise stopped
the next night it all happened again and
in the morning
amy found a snakeskin lying under
emily's bed
alarmed the family searched the whole
house but couldn't find the snake that
left it
still the sound persisted every night
can you guess where the snake was hiding
it was in the walls at night when it was
quiet
the snake would crawl out in the open
but when everyone woke up again
it hid inside the pipes and between the
boards
a careless granddaughter
sally went to the drugstore to get some
meds for her grandma
the pharmacist looked at the
prescription and handed her four
identical pills
two for pressure and another two for her
legs
he warned sally that grandma should take
one of each kind a few hours before
bedtime
the girl nodded and dropped the pills
into her bag
as she got home sally realized what she
did wrong
there were four completely identical
pills in her bag
all mixed up but when it was time for
grandma to take the pills
sally figured a way out what did she do
[Music]
the only way out of this situation is to
split all the pills in half
and take one half of each pill this way
grandma will definitely get the right
meds
the chicken matter sally's grandma
yep that same one got three hens that
gave her three eggs
in three days when sally found this out
she decided selling eggs could be a good
business
so she got her grandma 12 more hens of
the same kind
sally can't wait to get her profit who
wouldn't be but she's not that great at
math
can you help her figure out how many
eggs grandma will get
in the next 15 days
three hens brought grandma three eggs in
three days
it means one hen brings one egg once in
so it'll give five eggs in 15 days
now that we've got 15 hands we can
easily multiply the numbers
and get 75 eggs in 15 days
[Music]
a window to freedom
jack is thrown in a cell with a dirt
floor and only one window positioned so
high
no one could reach it the cell is empty
except for a shovel
it's dry and hot in there but jack won't
get any food or drink anytime soon
he has only two days to break out of his
cell
digging a tunnel would take at least a
week how should jack
escape
he should use the shovel to make a pile
of dirt under the window
climb on it and escape from the cell
seriously who secures prisoners this way
back to school
on the first day of the school year a
geography teacher vanished
the police had as many as four suspects
they were the gardener the math teacher
the coach
and the school principal the sticking
point was that they all
had alibis the gardener was cutting
bushes
the math teacher was holding a mid-year
test the coach was playing basketball
the principal was in the office with
parents of one of the students
despite this the culprit was arrested
immediately
can you guess how the police solve the
mystery
the math teacher was lying according to
his words
he was holding a mid-year test but the
geography teacher disappeared on the
first day of the school year
late delivery a lonely old man
lived in his house in the suburbs of a
city he led a quiet life
and never left his dwelling for long it
was a mid-summer friday when the mail
carrier walked by
and called out for the man there was no
answer coming from inside the house
the carrier looked into the window and
oh no
he saw the house was a total mess and
the owner was
nowhere to be seen when the police
arrived
they found a tuesday's newspaper two
bottles of warm milk
and one bottle of cold milk the next day
the robber was arrested
how did the police find out who it was
so quickly
it was obviously the mail carrier he
knew that no one in that house would
read a newspaper on wednesday or
thursday that's why he only came on
friday
there's chemistry between them a famous
chemist went missing
there was no evidence found except for a
piece of
paper with the names of chemical
substances on it
on the day he disappeared the chemist
had only three visitors
his wife mary his nephew nicholas
and his friend jonathan the police
looked at the note and arrested the
culprit
right away who was it and how did they
find it out it was nicholas
the chemist's nephew if you combine the
short names of the chemical substances
on the paper
you'll get his name n-i-c-o-l-a-s
an untouchable car a man was found
unconscious in his own car
the police found a rock near the man and
it was obvious he had been hit on the
head with it
but the car windows were intact and the
door was locked
how could someone throw a rock into the
car without damaging it
the car was a convertible and when the
rock was thrown
the roof had been down
a public collapse one city was having a
rough patch
its schools hotels and public transport
weren't functioning
because of a strike that had already
lasted for several weeks
one night someone hit the mayor of the
city over the head
the man was rushed to a hospital and the
police arrested three suspects
brandon stated that he had been walking
along the street when he heard someone
scream
but it was too dark and he couldn't see
anything
john confirmed that he had heard a call
for help as well but he was too scared
to check it out
as for dylan he claimed that he had been
waiting for a bus at a bus stop
and hadn't heard anything who attacked
the mayor
it was dylan he couldn't be waiting for
a bus
since they hadn't been running for
several weeks because of the strike